softperipheral: Documentation (#1707)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: softperipheral/doc/sQSPI/timing.rst

   .. tab:: **nRF54L15**

    .. list-table::
      :widths: 20 20 10 10 10 10
      :header-rows: 1

      * - Symbol
        - Description
        - Min
        - Typ
        - Max
        - Units
      * - F\ :sub:`sQSPI,SCLK`
        - SCLK frequency
        -
        -
        - 64
        - MHz
      * - DC\ :sub:`sQSPI,SCLK`
        - SCLK duty cycle
        - 
        - 50
        -
        - %
      * - t\ :sub:`DOV`
        - Data out valid
        -
        -
        - 2.2
        - ns
      * - t\ :sub:`SDI`
        - Data in setup time
        -
        -
        - 11.7
        - ns

   .. tab:: **nRF54H20**

    .. list-table::
      :widths: 20 20 10 10 10 10
      :header-rows: 1

      * - Symbol
        - Description
        - Min
        - Typ
        - Max
        - Units
      * - F\ :sub:`sQSPI,SCLK`
        - SCLK frequency
        -
        -
        - 80
        - MHz
      * - DC\ :sub:`sQSPI,SCLK`
        - SCLK duty cycle
        -
        - 50
        -
        - %
      * - t\ :sub:`DOV`
        - Data out valid
        -
        -
        -
        - ns
      * - t\ :sub:`SDI`
        - Data in setup time
        -
        -
        -
        - ns

> .. image:: images/sqspi_timing.png
>   :alt: sQSPI timing diagram 1
> 
> .. image:: images/sqspi_timing_1.png
>   :alt: sQSPI timing diagram 2

Reviewer: Can we add a line of introduction between the tabs and the images? Feels like they could use some short explanation

```suggestion
.. image:: images/sqspi_timing.png
  :alt: sQSPI timing diagram 1
  :scale: 80%

.. image:: images/sqspi_timing_1.png
  :alt: sQSPI timing diagram 2
  :scale: 80%
```

Author: I have added a short explanation

   .. tab:: **nRF54L15**

    .. list-table::
      :widths: 20 20 10 10 10 10
      :header-rows: 1

      * - Symbol
        - Description
        - Min
        - Typ
        - Max
        - Units
      * - F\ :sub:`sQSPI,SCLK`
        - SCLK frequency
        -
        -
        - 64
        - MHz
      * - DC\ :sub:`sQSPI,SCLK`
        - SCLK duty cycle
        - 
        - 50
        -
        - %
      * - t\ :sub:`DOV`
        - Data out valid
        -
        -
        - 2.2
        - ns
      * - t\ :sub:`SDI`
        - Data in setup time
        -
        -
        - 11.7
        - ns

   .. tab:: **nRF54H20**

    .. list-table::
      :widths: 20 20 10 10 10 10
      :header-rows: 1

      * - Symbol
        - Description
        - Min
        - Typ
        - Max
        - Units
      * - F\ :sub:`sQSPI,SCLK`
        - SCLK frequency
        -
        -
        - 80
        - MHz
      * - DC\ :sub:`sQSPI,SCLK`
        - SCLK duty cycle
        -
        - 50
        -
        - %
      * - t\ :sub:`DOV`
        - Data out valid
        -
        -
        -
        - ns
      * - t\ :sub:`SDI`
        - Data in setup time
        -
        -
        -
        - ns

> The following timing diagrams provide a visual reference for how the parameters t\ :sub:`DOV` and t\ :sub:`SDI` relate to SCLK, SDIO represents the data line(s):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following timing diagrams provide a visual reference to show how the parameters t\ :sub:`DOV` and t\ :sub:`SDI` relate to SCLK.
SDIO represents the data line.
```

Author: Accepted suggestion, but will modify last line:
`SDIO represents the data line(s)` 
as sQSPI can use from 1 to 4 data lines

Reviewer: Then I suggest we leave plural: SDIO represents the data lines.
